chore: Describe coding conventions for subcomponents (#943)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/react/documentation/coding-conventions.md

Instead of this:

`import { HeadingLevel } from '../Heading'` or `import { HeadingLevel } from '../'`

## Child components

> Child components (i.e. `Grid.Cell`) are kept in seperate files (i.e. `GridCell.tsx`) and they have their own test files (i.e. `GridCell.test.tsx`). Child components are imported in the main component file. We do not directly expose child components to consumers, so a consumer can only import `Grid`, not `GridCell`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subcomponents (e.g. `Grid.Cell`) are kept in separate files (e.g. `GridCell.tsx`) and they have their own test files (e.g. `GridCell.test.tsx`). Subcomponents are imported in the main component file. We do not directly expose subcomponents to consumers, so a consumer can only import `Grid`, not `GridCell`.
```
